muslims in norway are now establishing a
masjid and dawa center to enhance the
norwegian dawah if you donate to the
schools you will ensure allah reap the
rewards of thousands of muslims coming
back to islam and many of those who
become dwight and invite to islam so
click the link and donate now and share
the video for extra reward
assalamu alaikum
how are you guys doing
now many of you will know
that dr jordan peterson and sheikh hamza
yusuf had recently done a podcast on dr
jordan peterson's channel and if you
haven't already watched it please go
ahead and do so because it's a very very
interesting and fruitful discussion
i want to focus on just one one of the
things because there's so many things
that were said and interesting back and
forth
you can see the education of both men
honestly coming out uh in this in this
podcast but in the the last part of the
podcast it was a very interesting
question that dr john peterson asked and
a very
clear-cut answer that sheikh hamza yusuf
gave let's take a look at that segment
i'm trying to figure out how to be a jew
and a christian and a muslim at the same
time
but become muslim that's the best way
because the beauty of islam is you get
the old testament the new testament the
last testament i mean that really is
for me
even the jews acknowledge this because
islam in many ways is a universalized
judaism it's judaism for the gentiles
very often christians marvel at how jews
miss jesus
muslims also marvel at how
christians and jews miss muhammad
although to be fair to the jews they do
acknowledge the prophet
as a providential force and and they do
acknowledge him as a
noah
messenger preparing the way for the
the coming of the messiah and certainly
the great um father of orientalism uh
ignites goals of her he actually said
that he felt that islam was the only
religion that somebody of a
philosophical bent could actually accept
i think this was very very well worded
by sheikh hamza yusuf and i think it's
certainly
correct to point out that islam is a
continuation of the previous
dispensations
that were the revelations that were
revealed to
moses and jesus and islam that that's
what it is it was primarily a religion
okay
that says that you worship one god
that you don't associate any partners
with that god
that you
as you mentioned he uh when he was
summarizing
islam it's a religion with five pillars
six pillars of iman
and that
the highest form the apex you see
of spiritual worship is
that that you worship allah as if you
can see him because if you can't see him
that he can see you
and so it's a really
straightforward religion which appeals
to the basic predispositions of human
beings i hope you enjoyed it as much as
i did if you did watch it so guys once
again if you haven't watched it then go
ahead and uh
and do so wassalamualaikum
warahmatullahi wanakata muslims in
norway are now establishing a masjid and
dawa center to enhance the norwegian
dawah if you donate to the scores you
will ensure allah reap the rewards of
thousands of muslims coming back to
islam and many of those who become
dwight and invite to islam so click the
link and donate now and share the video
for extra rewards
you